[CLI] Add `hf repos ls` command (#4283)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/en/guides/cli.md

## hf repos

`hf repos` lets you list, create, delete, move repositories, update their settings, and delete files on the Hugging Face Hub. It also includes subcommands to manage branches and tags.

### List repos

Use `hf repos ls` to list all your repositories (models, datasets, spaces, and buckets) with storage information, sorted by storage usage. By default, only the first 30 repos are shown:

```bash
# List all your repos (first 30)
>>> hf repos ls
REPOSITORY                TYPE     UPDATED      VISIBILITY   STORAGE  % OF TOTAL
------------------------  -------  ----------   ----------  --------  ----------
username/bucket-raw       bucket   2026-04-29   public        1.7 TB       72.3%
username/my-model         model    2026-05-06   public        4.8 GB       18.1%
username/my-dataset       dataset  2024-09-14   private     598.4 MB        5.2%

> ℹ Showing 30 of 42 repos. Use `--limit 0` to list all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hint: Use `--no-truncate` or `--format json` to display full values.
Hint: Showing 30 of 42 repos. Use `--limit 0` to list all.
```

```

Filter by repository type, search by name, or adjust the limit:

```bash
# List only models
>>> hf repos ls --type model

# Search by name
>>> hf repos ls --search "bert"

# List repos from an organization
>>> hf repos ls --namespace my-org

# Combine filters
>>> hf repos ls --namespace my-org --type dataset --search "train"

# List all repos (no limit)
>>> hf repos ls --limit 0
```

Use `--format json` for scripting or `-q` for IDs only. When piping, use `--limit 0` to export all repos:

```bash

> >>> hf repos ls --limit 0 --format json | jq '.[].id'

Reviewer: the command was broken
```suggestion
>>> hf repos ls --limit 0 --format json | jq '.[].repository'
```

Reviewer: or maybe rename it to `id` to match the other `ls` commands

Author: yes good catch, addressed in https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub/pull/4283/commits/8281aa65a2053faa04d0d04051e7af5d1296687b
